Welcome back.
In this section we're gonna be going
over where our ADB protocol is located.
So let's go ahead and go to a terminal.
>> All right, so
we're gonna open up a new terminal,
and currently we are in
our home directory.
Now for me, my Android SDK,
where our ADB protocol or
ADB is located is in
my development folder.
So we're gonna change the directory
to that development folder, and
from there we are gonna go to the Android
folder, we do a quick list, and
you see that you have your SDK.
So we're gonna change
the directory to the SDK, and
from the SDK we want to change
the directory to the platform tools,
platform-tools, and
here once you do a quick LS,
you see that we have ADB installed here.
And whenever you want to use ADB with
a command line, you either have to be in
the same directory as your ADB, or
if you want you can essentially
call it from a different directory,
but you just have to reference it.
>> So in this case, since we're on a macro
Linux, they both using Unix environment.
In order to execute ADB,
we're gonna go ahead and
just type in ./adb, and
it should give us an error message.
If we were on a Windows computer,
we just typed in adb and just press Enter.
>> So, now that we know where ADB is,
let's go ahead and figure out what are
the different commands that we will use?
So, stay tuned in the next section.